# Step 1: Import an Amazon OpenSearch domain

To use the Centralized Logging with OpenSearch solution for the first time, you must import Amazon OpenSearch Service domains first.

Centralized Logging with OpenSearch supports Amazon OpenSearch domain with [fine-grained access control](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/fgac.html) enabled [within a VPC](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/vpc.html) only. 

!!! important "Important"
    
    Currently, Centralized Logging with OpenSearch supports Amazon OpenSearch Service with engine version Elasticsearch 7.10 or later, and OpenSearch 1.0 or later.

## Prerequisite

At least one Amazon OpenSearch Service domain within VPC. If you don't have an Amazon OpenSearch Service domain yet, you can create an Amazon OpenSearch Service domain within VPC. See [Launching your Amazon OpenSearch Service domains within a VPC][vpc]. 

## Steps
Use the following procedure to import an Amazon OpenSearch Service domain through the Centralized Logging with OpenSearch console.

1. Sign in to the Centralized Logging with OpenSearch console.
2. In the navigation pane, under **Domains**, choose **Import OpenSearch Domain**. 
3. On the **Step 1. Select domain** page, choose a domain from the dropdown list. 
4. Choose **Next**.
5. On the **Step 2. Configure network** page, under **Network creation**, choose **Automatic**. If your Centralized Logging with OpenSearch and OpenSearch domains reside in two different VPCs, the *Automatic* mode will create a VPC Peering Connection between them, and update route tables. See details in [Set up VPC Peering](../domains/import.md#set-up-vpc-peering). 
6. On the **Step 3. Create tags** page, choose **Import**.

[dg]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/createupdatedomains.html 
[vpc]:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/vpc.html

